All right-y, so let's go ahead
and move into our IDE.
The first thing I want to do is we're going to take care
of some housekeeping items.
So let me kind of zoom in over here on the left hand side
and I want to create some directories that we'll use
for the next set of videos.
So let's just go ahead and create a new folder here.
And I'll give it the name of 04-classes.
So that'll be our main folder
and we'll create some subfolders underneath 04-classes.
So let's create a new folder here.
So this'll be a subfolder.
And the name will be 01-class-definition.
Okay, this looks really good.
So now, let's go ahead and create a new file
and we'll create this new file Customer.ts
and that's the file that we'll use to create
our customer class.
All right-y, so let's go ahead
and define our customer class.
Just create our class customer
and then we'll go ahead and define our properties.
firstName: string, lastName: string.
And that's it.
Now remember, be default, all properties are public.
So now let's go ahead and create an instance of our class.
So let myCustomer equals new Customer
using the new key word to create an instance.
And now let's go ahead and set some properties here.
So firstName equals Martin.
And I set the lastName equals to Dixon.
And then I simply display those values using console.log.
Okay so that looks really good.
Let's go ahead and open up a new terminal window.
And now let's move into our correct directory here
so 04-classes slash 01-class-definition.
And now let's go ahead and compile our code here
using tsc Customer.ts.
And now let's go ahead and run our code, Customer.js.
And there we go.
Martin Dixon.
So that's the desired output based on the code
that we created in this sample program.
All right-y so let's go ahead
and move back into our code here.
And now what I want to do is actually make use
of a constructor so I want to define a constructor.
So remember when we create a constructor,
we use a constructor key word,
we set up the constructor arguments or parameters,
we simply make the assignments
and remember we use this.firstName
to refer to this property in this class.
And so now I can make some updates
so I can actually delete some of this old code
and I'll make use of my new constructor now.
So I can create the constructor and I can pass in
the first name, last name right here in the constructor.
All right so this looks pretty good.
I like it, I like it.
All right-y so I can move back into my terminal window here
and just compile the code and run it again.
And we'll get the exact same output right
but here, we're simply using the constructor
for our customer class
as opposed to setting the properties directly.
So good job.